Why is the Chef Server name important?
1. The server name must be unique as it is accessible over the Internet
2. The trial license is bound to the server name
3. The name is written to the server certificate - if there is a mismatch clients cannot connect
4. The Chef Server name isn't important at all
Ans:- 3. The name is written to the server certificate - if there is a mismatch clients cannot connect

What describes a technical process which gives the same result each time?
1. Omnipotent
2. Impotent
3. Idempotent
4. Potentate
Ans:- 3. Idempotent

When accessing the Chef Management Console via a browser, why might you see a certificate error?
1. You forgot to run "opscode-manage-reconfigure"
2. You are using a URL which is different to the Chef server name
3. You need to purchase a certificate from a Certificate Authority
4. The Management Console has been incorrectly installed
Ans:- 2. You are using a URL which is different to the Chef server name

What do you use to install the Azure PowerShell modules?
1. Microsoft Web Platform Installer
2. sudo apt-get install
3. Microsoft OneGet
4. Microsoft Azure CLI
Ans:- 1. Microsoft Web Platform Installer

We can use SSH to bootstrap the Chef Client onto a Linux node. What do we use for Windows nodes?
1. PowerShell
2. Visual Basic
3. WinRM
4. SSH
Ans:-  3. WinRM

Why is Git an integral part of using Chef?
1. Because Chef development is driven by open source principles
2. Because version control is critical for managing code properly
3. The ChefDK needs Git to be installed first
4. The ChefDK uses Git to upload cookbooks to the Chef Server
Ans:- 2. Because version control is critical for managing code properly

If one Chef cookbook depends upon another Chef cookbook, where should this dependency be stated?
1. In the .gitignore file
2. In the README.md file
3. In the metadata.rb file
4. In the knife.rb file
Ans:-  3. In the metadata.rb file

On which platform is the Azure Command Line Interface (CLI) supported?
1. All of them 
2. Mac OS X
3. Microsoft Windows
4. Linux
Ans:-  1. All of them 

What does Knife need in order to communicate with the Chef Server?
1. The URL of the Chef Servercd
2. User and organization certificates
3. SSL certificates from the Chef Server
4. All of these
Ans:-  4. All of these

In an environment managed by Chef, where does cookbook and policy authoring happen?
1. In the Chef Management Console
2. On the Chef Server
3. In the Chef Development Kit
4. In the Chef PostgreSQL database
Ans:-  3. In the Chef Development Kit

What is a provider?
1. An entry in the PATH environment variable on a Windows system
2. A process by which Chef achieves a recipe's declared end-state
3. A component of a cookbook which defines the version number and dependencies
4. A self-contained Ruby package, such as knife-windows
Ans:- 2. A process by which Chef achieves a recipe's declared end-state

What does it mean if a Chef node reports an "empty run list" during a client run?
1. It means that the Chef Client did not install correctly, and must be reinstalled
2. It means that no recipes, cookbooks, or roles have been assigned to the node
3. It means that the wrong recipe, cookbook or role has been assigned to the node
4. It means that the Chef Client failed to connect to the Chef Server
Ans:-  2. It means that no recipes, cookbooks, or roles have been assigned to the node


1.
2.
3.
4.
Ans:- 


1.
2.
3.
4.
Ans:- 

1.
2.
3.
4.
Ans:- 